
1.	How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?
There are 5 types of conditional formatting visualizations available:
Background Color Shading (of cells)
Foreground Color Shading (of fonts)
Data Bars.
Icons (which have 4 different image types)
Values.


2.	How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?
Create a custom cell border style
•	On the Home tab, in the Styles group, click Cell Styles. ...
•	Click New Cell Style.
•	In the Style name box, type an appropriate name for the new cell style.
•	Click Format.
•	On the Border tab, under Line, in the Style box, click the line style that you want to use for the border.


3.	How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?
On the Home tab, click the Dialog Box Launcher next to Number. Tip: You can also press Ctrl+1 to open the Format Cells dialog box. In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Currency or Accounting. In the Symbol box, click the currency symbol that you want.


4.	What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?
Display numbers as percentages
On the Home tab, in the Number group, click the icon next to Number to display the Format Cells dialog box. In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Percentage. In the Decimal places box, enter the number of decimal places that you want to display.


5.	What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?
Merge cells
Click the first cell and press Shift while you click the last cell in the range you want to merge. Important: Make sure only one of the cells in the range has data. Click Home > Merge & Center.


6.	How do you use text commands in Excel?
Excel Tricks: Text Functions in Excel
Len () Len function in Excel helps you to know the length of a string that is number of characters in a string. ...
Mid () Mid function in Excel is used to extract the characters from the middle of a string. ...
Find () ...
Proper () ...
Rept () ...
Trim() ...
Upper() ...
Substitute ()
