1.What does the dollar($) sign do?

ANS: Absolute reference:
In an absolute reference, each part of the reference (the letter that refers
to the row and the number that refers to the column) is preceded by a “$”
– for example, $A$1 is an absolute reference to cell A1. Wherever the
formula is copied or moved, it always refers to cell A1.


2.How to Change the Reference from Relative to Absolute (or
Mixed)?
ANS:
• Switch between relative, absolute, and mixed references:
• Select the cell that contains the formula.
• In the formula bar. , select the reference that you want to change.
• Press F4 to switch between the reference types.


3.Explain the order of operations in excel?
ANS: When evaluating a formula, Excel follows a standard math protocol
called "order of operations". In general, Excel's order of operation follows
the acronym PEMDAS (Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication, Division,
Addition, Subtraction) but with some customization to handle the formula
syntax in a spreadsheet.


4.What, according to you, are the top 5 functions in excel and
write a basic syntax for any of two?
ANS: The top 5 functions in excel:
• The SUM Function. The sum function is the most used function
when it comes to computing data on Excel. ...
• The TEXT Function. ...
• The VLOOKUP Function. ...
• The AVERAGE Function. ...
• The CONCATENATE Function.
BASIC SYNTAXS:
The syntax of a function in Excel or Google Sheets refers to the layout
and order of the function and its arguments. A function in Excel and
Google Sheets is a built-in formula. All functions begin with the equal sign
( = ) followed by the function's name such as IF, SUM, COUNT, or
ROUND.


5.When would you use the subtotal function?
ANS: The SUBTOTAL function is used when you display a Total row in
an Excel Table. Excel inserts the SUBTOTAL function automatically, and
you can use a drop-down menu to switch behavior and show max, min,
average, etc.


6.What is the syntax of the vlookup function? Explain the terms in
it?
ANS:In its simplest form, the VLOOKUP function says: =VLOOKUP(What
you want to look up, where you want to look for it, the column number in
the range containing the value to return, return an Approximate or Exact
match – indicated as 1/TRUE, or 0/FALSE).
